---
layout:      mypost
title:       CV
categories:  study
excerpt:     "Here I uploaded my CV, if you are interested on me, please go check it!"
---

<center> 
<h1>Changyu Meng</h1>
<i>No. 15, Beisihuan West Road, Haidian District, Beijing 100190, China</i>  
<i>mengchangyu@imech.ac.cn</i>  
</center>


## Educational Background
* * *
**Institute of Mechanics, Chinese Academy of Sciences** (University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, UCAS), Beijing, China.  

* Master of Engineering Mechanics, 2016/09 – 2019/06 (expected), GPA: 3.38  
* *Core courses:* Elastoplastic Mechanics; Physical Chemistry of Solid-State Surface; Kinetics of Chemical Reaction; Density Functional Theory and Applications; Viscous Flow etc.  

**Wuhan University of Technology** (WUT), Hubei, China.  

* Bachelor of Engineering in Naval Architecture & Ocean Engineering, 2012/09 – 2016/06, GPA : 3.64 [^1] (10/212)  
* *Core courses:* Engineering Material; Materials Mechanics; Theoretical Mechanics etc.  

## Research Interests
* * *
* **Currently:** Micro failure mechanism of interface systems; Polymer physics etc.  
* **In future:** Statistics physics in polymer physics; Develop cross-scale methods to deeply understand the polymer systems; Find interesting phenomena of functional polymers through experiments etc.

## Research Experiences
* * *
* Multi-Scale Study on Dynamic Mechanical Behavior of Polymer/Metal Interface, participated, Natural Science Foundation of China, 2017/01 – 2020/12 (main project during the graduate period).
  * Size-dependence of Cu/Polyethylene/Cu sandwich structures; Multiscale frameworks
  * Proficiently utilized LAMMPS, Moltemplate, etc. to accomplish sophisticated simulation tasks.
  * Developed useful tools using C and Python to: extract useful information from output files of molecular simulations; build macromolecular models; draw vivid pictures.


* Micro-Mesoscopic Simulation Study on the Dynamic Mechanical Behavior and the Interfacial Microstructure Evolution of the Polyurethane/Heterogeneous Materials System (proposal proposed but no funding received yet).
  * Aim to tailor and analyze the microstructure of PU/heterogeneous systems to practical applications
  * Systematically collected the relating literatures and organized feasible research plans.


* Study on Rheological Properties of Crude Oil/Water Two-Phase Emulsion (a research project in my graduate course: “The Measuremental Principles and Techniques in Experiments of Mechanics”).
  * Prepared the emulsions and performed the rheological experiments.
  * Operated the optical microscope to observe the microstructure of crude emulsions.
  * Headed the research group and obtained a good score.


* 2017 Shanghai Graduate Summer School of Computer Simulation and Application in the Chemical Engineering Process, held by East China University of Science and Technology, 2017/07/19 – 2017/07/31 (a seminar I attended about the molecular simulation theory and technology).
  * Performed DPD simulations for polymers using home-made C codes.
  * Using FORTRAN to realize adsorption simulations by the Grand Canonical Monte Carlo method.


* 7th Mathematical Modeling Invitational Contest of Central China (a mathematical modeling contest, the problem is about: “Calibration of acceleration instrument based on acoustic barrier”). 
  * Analyzed and simplified the signal processing problem.
  * Realized smooth processing programs using MATLAB and its toolkits.


## Publications
* * *
1. **Changyu Meng**, Lijuan Liao, Chenguang Huang (2018). [Study on failure mechanism of Cu-polyethylene-Cu sandwich structure by molecular dynamics simulation](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.commatsci.2018.08.011). Computational Materials Science. 154: 315-324.  
2. Lijuan Liao, **Changyu Meng**, Chenguang Huang (2018). [Thermal decomposition behaviour of polyethylene in oxygen-free and low oxygen content circumstances by reactive molecular dynamic simulation](https://doi.org/10.1080/08927022.2018.1467011). Molecular Simulation. 44(12): 954-964.  
3. Lijuan Liao, Chenguang Huang, **Changyu Meng** (2018). [Study on mechanical properties of polyethylene with chain branching in atomic scale by molecular dynamics simulation](https://doi.org/10.1080/08927022.2018.1471690). Molecular Simulation. 44(12): 1016-1024.  
4. Lijuan Liao, **Changyu Meng**, Chenguang Huang (2018). Molecular Dynamics Simulations on the Tensile Deformation and Failure of a Polyethylene/Copper Interface. Proceedings of the ASME 2018 International Design Engineering Technical Conferences & Computers and Information in Engineering Conference.    

## Honors and Awards
* * *
* 2012, Merit Student in Wuhan University of Technology (Top 17%).   
* 2013, National Encouragement Scholarship in Wuhan University of Technology.  
* 2014, First-Class Prize of School Scholarship in Wuhan University of Technology.  
* 2014, Third-Class Prize in 7th Mathematical Modeling Invitational Contest of Central China.  
* 2016, Outstanding Graduate in Wuhan University of Technology (Top 15%).  
* 2017, Merit Student in University of Chinese Academy of Sciences.  

## Hobbies & Life Experiences
* * *
* Keen to read many kinds of literature genres (have studied Chinese Language and Literature as a minor in Central China Normal University for over two years).  
* Singing (attended the Choir of Wuhan University of Technology as a bass, and for a team we won the first prize in the 5th University Students Arts Festival in Hubei).  
* Running and climbing mountains (have completed a half marathon before).  
* Playing the chromatic harmonica.  

[Download as a PDF](https://www.gigglemcy.com/files/CV.pdf)

[^1]: For consistency, the GPA during the undergraduate period of study is also calculated using the UCAS 4.0 algorithm: 90-100=4.0, 85-89=3.7, 82-84=3.3, 78-81=3.0, 75-77=2.7, 71-74=2.3, 66-70=2.0, 62-65=1.7, 60-61=1.3, below 60=0.